I'm
Western food
There is another course
came to
It seems that there is no longer
I think if
It is three steps below yes
As there are people of various faculties at one time because it is a general university, it is possible to interact like that
I have been going to choose one to choose here
I can connect more countries with my country and more
To the field
Enforcement
E'to bear their own that way
It was for the Mi are and after Well future because I want to demand there
To I think I want to sin
10-day ticket distribution
The Lord of the study abroad is included in each part and it is anxious
I will be at Kanagawa University
I want to learn study but I am involved with various people
I want to expand my share
Communication characteristics of the everyone's while enjoying the college life
Ummm
Ueno that Sakai of child
I think I want
Adult is the reason
As I entered the soccer club, I thought that I would go to Kanagawa University, where soccer is strong.
Because I want to work in sports
I would like to learn about sports at university
I am Yokohama of Kanagawa
In the athletic club soccer club with myself
Sakao because it was fresh and had you choose
I want to work hard at the center
Yourself say there before the song in high school always
Have a big goal
Genie Day
A dream I couldn't get in high school
I want to see it with lightning
It is Kanagawa
Also four undergraduate since heard that the various selection can be taken
I was drawn there and enrolled
I am in law department now
After all, how
The center to the over-year-old capital after minor Toka in the other, such as psychology
I think that I want to take in each part
Because it is a child of the age that is said to be clear, it doesn't mean that the margin of ah is bad
Ah
that
I hope that you become a powerful child who can cancel the room
Ne
I am from Okinawa Prefecture, and the future of the island
I have a goal to be a sea sheriff
In it
First I learned a little bit of law
That we want to go first leg to its target
I want to study English hard
in the future
I can say that I can use it at work
I want to do my best
From out though I do not yet have passed only one week
The moment it was
What a little tough
Yes, I thought was very close to the side but is Tsubasaue
It is Shizuoka Prefecture
Because I am a Spanish language department, I use Spanish and English well
various
I think if you want to be a person who can interact with foreign people
As it is still 18 years old, there are places where this can not be grown up
I think that I want you to get various things including common sense as an ordinary person and such things
I